{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 User Stories:\ulnone  As a player, I want to have access this game via the Internet and be able to see what my high score so I can show my friends.\
\
\ul MVP:\ulnone  Host my game on github so that it\'92s playable. Include a Read Me file, my pseudocode, initial user stories, and wireframes. \
\
The game itself - Control a character\'92s movement within the game\'92s window with your cursor. There will be various types of enemies flying around at random that you must try to dodge for as long as you can. There will be a score counter that continuously counts up until an enemy comes into contact with your character. Every time a game ends, if your score is higher than any of the top 10 scores it\'92ll prompt you to enter your name to save on the leaderboard.\ul \
\
Pseudocode:\
\
\ulnone Change cursor to custom image. DONE\
Control character with cursor movement/key strokes. DONE\
Randomize enemies that show up(different sizes).\
Have enemies fly around screen in random directions. DONE\
Stop game if enemies hit your character.\
Set checkpoints(time into game) that affect amount of enemies flying around/their speed.\
Make High Score counter that keeps scores even after leaving page.\
\
}